Update documentation with liteflow.yml (#60)
liteflow-labs/docs: content/en/index.md

```js[myfunction.js]
module.exports = (inputs) => {
  const name = inputs.body.name;
  return {
    greetings: `hello ${name || "world"}`,
  };
};
```

## 3. Connect your function to an HTTP endpoint

Now that our function is defined, let's connect it to an [HTTP endpoint](/services/http#request) through a [workflow](/workflow/definition).

> Create a new file at the root of your project directory called `liteflow.yml`.  This file will contain all the workflows of your project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Create a new file at the root of your project directory called `liteflow.yml`. This file will contain all the workflows of your project.
```

Now that our function is defined, let's connect it to an [HTTP endpoint](/services/http#request) through a [workflow](/workflow).

> Create a new file at the root of your project directory called `liteflow.yml` with a workflow triggered by an endpoint and a task that uses the defined function.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Create a new file at the root of your project directory called `liteflow.yml`. This file will contains all the workflow of your project.
Let's add a new the workflow called `my-cloud-function` that defines an endpoint and a task that uses the previously defined function.
```
